# OSCP
Offensive Security Certified Professional

http://www.abatchy.com/2017/02/oscp-like-vulnhub-vms

KeepNote
http://keepnote.org

SecLists - Multiple lists for security assessments
https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists

Reconnoitre - Enumeration Tool
https://github.com/codingo/Reconnoitre

LinEnum
https://github.com/rebootuser/LinEnum/blob/master/LinEnum.sh

Windows Privilege Escalation Fundamentals
http://www.fuzzysecurity.com/tutorials/16.html

Port Enumeration Cheat Sheet
http://www.0daysecurity.com/penetration-testing/enumeration.html

Reverse Shell Cheat Sheet
http://pentestmonkey.net/cheat-sheet/shells/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet

Reverse Shell Cheat Sheet (big)
https://highon.coffee/blog/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet/

Windows Privilege Escalation Cheat Sheet
http://it-ovid.blogspot.co.uk/2012/02/windows-privilege-escalation.html

Windows Exploit Suggester - Finds missing patches
https://github.com/GDSSecurity/Windows-Exploit-Suggester

Linux Exploit Suggester
https://github.com/PenturaLabs/Linux_Exploit_Suggester

Basic Linux Privilege Escalation
https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/

Metasploit Unleashed
https://www.offensive-security.com/metasploit-unleashed/

Various OSCP Scripts
https://github.com/erik1o6/oscp

Penetration Testing Tools and Resources
https://github.com/enaqx/awesome-pentest

PenTest Tips and Tricks
https://jivoi.github.io/2015/07/01/pentest-tips-and-tricks/

Linux Assembly Language Primer
http://www.securitytube.net/groups?operation=view&groupId=5

Windows Assembly Language Primer
http://www.securitytube.net/groups?operation=view&groupId=6

Buffer Overflow Megaprimer
http://www.securitytube.net/groups?operation=view&groupId=4

Exploit Research Megaprimer
http://www.securitytube.net/groups?operation=view&groupId=7

Recon Scan
http://www.securitysift.com/download/recon_scan.zip

Linux Privilege Checker
http://www.securitysift.com/download/linuxprivchecker.py

MS Privesc And Exploits Table (small sample)
http://www.securitysift.com/download/MS_privesc_and_exploits_table.csv

Unix Privilege Escalation Checker (PentestMonkey)
http://pentestmonkey.net/tools/audit/unix-privesc-check

Windows Privilege Escalation Checker (PentestMonkey)
https://github.com/pentestmonkey/windows-privesc-check

Shell Spawning (from no TTY)
https://netsec.ws/?p=337

ShellShock
https://www.surevine.com/shellshocked-a-quick-demo-of-how-easy-it-is-to-exploit/

IPv6 + Buffer Overflow example (50:40)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UGxjqTnuyo
